<!--
slug: ik-leerde-sommige-dingen-deze-week
date: Wed Nov 27 2013 04:47:00 GMT-0800 (Pacific Standard Time)
tags: amsterdam, greek, greek food, albert heijn, veenendaal, prada marfa, buß und bettag, coffeeshop, dutch, snow
title: Ik Leerde Sommige Dingen Deze Week
id: 68257450175
link: http://blog.mhgbrown.is/post/68257450175/ik-leerde-sommige-dingen-deze-week
raw: {"type":"text","blog_name":"mhgbrown-writing","blog":{"name":"mhgbrown-writing","title":"","description":"","url":"http://blog.mhgbrown.is/","uuid":"t:ePEJSJNMnTiNT1c2s-GWmw","updated":1455741575},"id":68257450175,"post_url":"http://blog.mhgbrown.is/post/68257450175/ik-leerde-sommige-dingen-deze-week","slug":"ik-leerde-sommige-dingen-deze-week","date":"2013-11-27 12:47:00 GMT","timestamp":1385556420,"state":"published","format":"html","reblog_key":"D5ZsSZsX","tags":["amsterdam","greek","greek food","albert heijn","veenendaal","prada marfa","buß und bettag","coffeeshop","dutch","snow"],"short_url":"https://tmblr.co/ZYX4lq-aTWY-","summary":"Ik Leerde Sommige Dingen Deze Week","is_blocks_post_format":false,"recommended_source":null,"recommended_color":null,"note_count":0,"title":"Ik Leerde Sommige Dingen Deze Week","body":"<p>So, you&rsquo;re sitting in <a href=\"http://www.restaurantigrec.nl/\">this Greek restaurant</a> in a suburb of Amsterdam built on top of an artificial island. It&rsquo;s maybe 21:00. You&rsquo;re there because the cool greek dudes that you and your Russian travelmate have been staying with have invited you. Before this moment, you had been &ldquo;laid-out&rdquo; in a coffeeshop near the Red Light District, so maybe the food has been tasting a little extra good, but you know that it is actually really good too&hellip;somehow. In typical Greek fashion (apparently), the wine is <em>flowing </em>and the food is <em>plentiful.</em> There&rsquo;s one dish on the table that is like delicious soft meat stuffed inside pastry dough and you can&rsquo;t get enough.  There&rsquo;s live traditional Greek music playing in the background. You&rsquo;re feeling quite alright. Across the table from you are two ladies, one middle-aged and the other in her late 30s. They both speak Russian, so your travelmate has been chatting it up with them on and off. You&rsquo;re hearing Russian, Greek, and English. It&rsquo;s kind of confusing, but cool. The younger lady across from you asks if you have taken shrooms or had any marijuana. Truthfully, you and your travelmate reply &ldquo;Yes&rdquo;. Both of the ladies burst out laughing and say something confirmatory like &ldquo;Yes, isn&rsquo;t it nice?&rdquo;  The younger lady goes on to urge her Greek boyfriend &ldquo;We should do shrooms sometime!&rdquo; You find yourself a bit perplexed that you just spoke so frankly about drugs with &ldquo;adults&rdquo;. You loose yourself just a bit. Behind these ladies you find the Dutch suburban landscape. The artificial canal just outside the restaurant reflects the light from the windows of a minimal, yet modern brick apartment building. You know the inside of these apartments must be nice because the simple exterior of your Greek hosts&rsquo; suburban apartment belied it&rsquo;s modern and functional interior. You think that the Dutch really have something going with their apartments. And maybe their lifestyle. It seems so effortless. It&rsquo;s easy to live well. But you actually don&rsquo;t really know. Coming back to the food and the music and the people you enjoy the rest of your time chatting and consuming. You finish your time at the restaurant by smoking a joint with your Greek friend&rsquo;s father, a middle-aged Sopranos-don-like character. And then, you take the tram to the Red Light District&hellip;</p>\n<ul><li>Saxony is the only province to celebrate &ldquo;Buß und Bettag&rdquo;, which is called &ldquo;Penance Day&rdquo; in English.  We had no school that day. Our professor told us that some people call it &ldquo;Putz und Fegtag&rdquo; as a joke, which means something like cleaning and sweeping day.</li>\n<li>I thought <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prada_Marfa\">Prada Marfa</a> was an actual store, but turns out it&rsquo;s just an art installation. It&rsquo;s existence is being threatened by the authorities.</li>\n<li>Greeks told me that Greek hospitality is excellent and I have to agree. It is perhaps unparalleled. They really, really, really, make sure you are comfortable. Like REALLY. It&rsquo;s great.  </li>\n<li>The Dutch train ticket machines out in <a href=\"https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=veenendaal&amp;data=!1m4!1m3!1d47516!2d5.5514622!3d52.023279!4m12!2m11!1m10!1s0x47c6522a2a3ad32b%3A0x3fe2f0d7aea3937f!3m8!1m3!1d26081603!2d-95.677068!3d37.0625!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1\">Veenendaal</a> don&rsquo;t take cash!  It was credit/debit/atm card only.  This would normally be my kind of thing, but my card didn&rsquo;t work with the machines :(</li>\n<li>Still not sure about the foreigners not being allowed to go into coffeeshops after New Years thing. Some German friends told me that they have been saying this for years now. Maybe this is a good way to continuously stimulate tourism.</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malakas\">&ldquo;Malaka&rdquo;</a> is a Greek word that means something like &ldquo;jerk-off&rdquo; or &ldquo;wanker&rdquo;.  It&rsquo;s used very often kind of as a term of endearment and as an insult depending on the context.</li>\n<li>Dutch is pretty easy to get once you know some German. &ldquo;Friday&rdquo; = &ldquo;freitag&rdquo; = &ldquo;vrijdag&rdquo;; &ldquo;forty-eight&rdquo; = &ldquo;achtundvierzig&rdquo; = &ldquo;achtenveertig&rdquo;. And when it&rsquo;s not like German, it&rsquo;s like English sometimes. &ldquo;This is station&quot; = &quot;dit is station&rdquo;; &ldquo;train&rdquo; = &ldquo;trein&rdquo; (in German, &ldquo;Zug&rdquo;)  A lot of the basics are very similar. What&rsquo;s weird is that Dutch has an intonation similar to English, so it sounds like you&rsquo;re listening to English but the words are like German. </li>\n<li>The Netherlands <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flevopolder\">has a history of creating artificial islands</a>. The aforementioned Greek restaurant is on <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IJburg\">this one</a>.</li>\n<li>Love me some <a href=\"http://www.ah.nl/\">Albert Heijn</a>, which is the prominent grocery store in Amsterdam.</li>\n<li>It snowed in Dresden. And now it&rsquo;s really cold. Ugh. I&rsquo;m not designed for this.</li>\n</ul>","reblog":{"comment":"<p><p>So, you’re sitting in <a href=\"http://www.restaurantigrec.nl/\">this Greek restaurant</a> in a suburb of Amsterdam built on top of an artificial island. It’s maybe 21:00. You’re there because the cool greek dudes that you and your Russian travelmate have been staying with have invited you. Before this moment, you had been “laid-out” in a coffeeshop near the Red Light District, so maybe the food has been tasting a little extra good, but you know that it is actually really good too…somehow. In typical Greek fashion (apparently), the wine is <em>flowing </em>and the food is <em>plentiful.</em> There’s one dish on the table that is like delicious soft meat stuffed inside pastry dough and you can’t get enough.  There’s live traditional Greek music playing in the background. You’re feeling quite alright. Across the table from you are two ladies, one middle-aged and the other in her late 30s. They both speak Russian, so your travelmate has been chatting it up with them on and off. You’re hearing Russian, Greek, and English. It’s kind of confusing, but cool. The younger lady across from you asks if you have taken shrooms or had any marijuana. Truthfully, you and your travelmate reply “Yes”. Both of the ladies burst out laughing and say something confirmatory like “Yes, isn’t it nice?”  The younger lady goes on to urge her Greek boyfriend “We should do shrooms sometime!” You find yourself a bit perplexed that you just spoke so frankly about drugs with “adults”. You loose yourself just a bit. Behind these ladies you find the Dutch suburban landscape. The artificial canal just outside the restaurant reflects the light from the windows of a minimal, yet modern brick apartment building. You know the inside of these apartments must be nice because the simple exterior of your Greek hosts’ suburban apartment belied it’s modern and functional interior. You think that the Dutch really have something going with their apartments. And maybe their lifestyle. It seems so effortless. It’s easy to live well. But you actually don’t really know. Coming back to the food and the music and the people you enjoy the rest of your time chatting and consuming. You finish your time at the restaurant by smoking a joint with your Greek friend’s father, a middle-aged Sopranos-don-like character. And then, you take the tram to the Red Light District…</p>\n<ul><li>Saxony is the only province to celebrate “Buß und Bettag”, which is called “Penance Day” in English.  We had no school that day. Our professor told us that some people call it “Putz und Fegtag” as a joke, which means something like cleaning and sweeping day.</li>\n<li>I thought <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prada_Marfa\">Prada Marfa</a> was an actual store, but turns out it’s just an art installation. It’s existence is being threatened by the authorities.</li>\n<li>Greeks told me that Greek hospitality is excellent and I have to agree. It is perhaps unparalleled. They really, really, really, make sure you are comfortable. Like REALLY. It’s great.  </li>\n<li>The Dutch train ticket machines out in <a href=\"https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=veenendaal&amp;data=!1m4!1m3!1d47516!2d5.5514622!3d52.023279!4m12!2m11!1m10!1s0x47c6522a2a3ad32b%3A0x3fe2f0d7aea3937f!3m8!1m3!1d26081603!2d-95.677068!3d37.0625!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1\">Veenendaal</a> don’t take cash!  It was credit/debit/atm card only.  This would normally be my kind of thing, but my card didn’t work with the machines :(</li>\n<li>Still not sure about the foreigners not being allowed to go into coffeeshops after New Years thing. Some German friends told me that they have been saying this for years now. Maybe this is a good way to continuously stimulate tourism.</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malakas\">“Malaka”</a> is a Greek word that means something like “jerk-off” or “wanker”.  It’s used very often kind of as a term of endearment and as an insult depending on the context.</li>\n<li>Dutch is pretty easy to get once you know some German. “Friday” = “freitag” = “vrijdag”; “forty-eight” = “achtundvierzig” = “achtenveertig”. And when it’s not like German, it’s like English sometimes. “This is station\" = \"dit is station”; “train” = “trein” (in German, “Zug”)  A lot of the basics are very similar. What’s weird is that Dutch has an intonation similar to English, so it sounds like you’re listening to English but the words are like German. </li>\n<li>The Netherlands <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flevopolder\">has a history of creating artificial islands</a>. The aforementioned Greek restaurant is on <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IJburg\">this one</a>.</li>\n<li>Love me some <a href=\"http://www.ah.nl/\">Albert Heijn</a>, which is the prominent grocery store in Amsterdam.</li>\n<li>It snowed in Dresden. And now it’s really cold. Ugh. I’m not designed for this.</li>\n</ul></p>","tree_html":""},"trail":[{"blog":{"name":"mhgbrown-writing","active":true,"theme":{"header_full_width":2448,"header_full_height":3264,"header_focus_width":2048,"header_focus_height":1152,"avatar_shape":"circle","background_color":"#FAFAFA","body_font":"Helvetica Neue","header_bounds":"997,2351,2266,96","header_image":"https://static.tumblr.com/4b23ec7fb988076e81306480748de0b1/aqgwfuh/OUkncja1l/tumblr_static_5q6zyxvvxkco0k440g4kokosg.jpg","header_image_focused":"https://static.tumblr.com/4b23ec7fb988076e81306480748de0b1/aqgwfuh/SPuncja1u/tumblr_static_tumblr_static_5q6zyxvvxkco0k440g4kokosg_focused_v3.jpg","header_image_scaled":"https://static.tumblr.com/4b23ec7fb988076e81306480748de0b1/aqgwfuh/OUkncja1l/tumblr_static_5q6zyxvvxkco0k440g4kokosg_2048_v2.jpg","header_stretch":true,"link_color":"#529ECC","show_avatar":true,"show_description":true,"show_header_image":true,"show_title":true,"title_color":"#444444","title_font":"Gibson","title_font_weight":"bold"},"share_likes":false,"share_following":false,"can_be_followed":true},"post":{"id":"68257450175"},"content_raw":"<p><p>So, you’re sitting in <a href=\"http://www.restaurantigrec.nl/\">this Greek restaurant</a> in a suburb of Amsterdam built on top of an artificial island. It’s maybe 21:00. You’re there because the cool greek dudes that you and your Russian travelmate have been staying with have invited you. Before this moment, you had been “laid-out” in a coffeeshop near the Red Light District, so maybe the food has been tasting a little extra good, but you know that it is actually really good too…somehow. In typical Greek fashion (apparently), the wine is <em>flowing </em>and the food is <em>plentiful.</em> There’s one dish on the table that is like delicious soft meat stuffed inside pastry dough and you can’t get enough.  There’s live traditional Greek music playing in the background. You’re feeling quite alright. Across the table from you are two ladies, one middle-aged and the other in her late 30s. They both speak Russian, so your travelmate has been chatting it up with them on and off. You’re hearing Russian, Greek, and English. It’s kind of confusing, but cool. The younger lady across from you asks if you have taken shrooms or had any marijuana. Truthfully, you and your travelmate reply “Yes”. Both of the ladies burst out laughing and say something confirmatory like “Yes, isn’t it nice?”  The younger lady goes on to urge her Greek boyfriend “We should do shrooms sometime!” You find yourself a bit perplexed that you just spoke so frankly about drugs with “adults”. You loose yourself just a bit. Behind these ladies you find the Dutch suburban landscape. The artificial canal just outside the restaurant reflects the light from the windows of a minimal, yet modern brick apartment building. You know the inside of these apartments must be nice because the simple exterior of your Greek hosts’ suburban apartment belied it’s modern and functional interior. You think that the Dutch really have something going with their apartments. And maybe their lifestyle. It seems so effortless. It’s easy to live well. But you actually don’t really know. Coming back to the food and the music and the people you enjoy the rest of your time chatting and consuming. You finish your time at the restaurant by smoking a joint with your Greek friend’s father, a middle-aged Sopranos-don-like character. And then, you take the tram to the Red Light District…</p>\n<ul><li>Saxony is the only province to celebrate “Buß und Bettag”, which is called “Penance Day” in English.  We had no school that day. Our professor told us that some people call it “Putz und Fegtag” as a joke, which means something like cleaning and sweeping day.</li>\n<li>I thought <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prada_Marfa\">Prada Marfa</a> was an actual store, but turns out it’s just an art installation. It’s existence is being threatened by the authorities.</li>\n<li>Greeks told me that Greek hospitality is excellent and I have to agree. It is perhaps unparalleled. They really, really, really, make sure you are comfortable. Like REALLY. It’s great.  </li>\n<li>The Dutch train ticket machines out in <a href=\"https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=veenendaal&amp;data=!1m4!1m3!1d47516!2d5.5514622!3d52.023279!4m12!2m11!1m10!1s0x47c6522a2a3ad32b%3A0x3fe2f0d7aea3937f!3m8!1m3!1d26081603!2d-95.677068!3d37.0625!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1\">Veenendaal</a> don’t take cash!  It was credit/debit/atm card only.  This would normally be my kind of thing, but my card didn’t work with the machines :(</li>\n<li>Still not sure about the foreigners not being allowed to go into coffeeshops after New Years thing. Some German friends told me that they have been saying this for years now. Maybe this is a good way to continuously stimulate tourism.</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malakas\">“Malaka”</a> is a Greek word that means something like “jerk-off” or “wanker”.  It’s used very often kind of as a term of endearment and as an insult depending on the context.</li>\n<li>Dutch is pretty easy to get once you know some German. “Friday” = “freitag” = “vrijdag”; “forty-eight” = “achtundvierzig” = “achtenveertig”. And when it’s not like German, it’s like English sometimes. “This is station\" = \"dit is station”; “train” = “trein” (in German, “Zug”)  A lot of the basics are very similar. What’s weird is that Dutch has an intonation similar to English, so it sounds like you’re listening to English but the words are like German. </li>\n<li>The Netherlands <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flevopolder\">has a history of creating artificial islands</a>. The aforementioned Greek restaurant is on <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IJburg\">this one</a>.</li>\n<li>Love me some <a href=\"http://www.ah.nl/\">Albert Heijn</a>, which is the prominent grocery store in Amsterdam.</li>\n<li>It snowed in Dresden. And now it’s really cold. Ugh. I’m not designed for this.</li>\n</ul></p>","content":"<p><p>So, you&rsquo;re sitting in <a href=\"http://www.restaurantigrec.nl/\">this Greek restaurant</a> in a suburb of Amsterdam built on top of an artificial island. It&rsquo;s maybe 21:00. You&rsquo;re there because the cool greek dudes that you and your Russian travelmate have been staying with have invited you. Before this moment, you had been &ldquo;laid-out&rdquo; in a coffeeshop near the Red Light District, so maybe the food has been tasting a little extra good, but you know that it is actually really good too&hellip;somehow. In typical Greek fashion (apparently), the wine is&nbsp;<em>flowing&nbsp;</em>and the food is&nbsp;<em>plentiful.</em>&nbsp;There&rsquo;s one dish on the table that is like delicious soft meat stuffed inside pastry dough and you can&rsquo;t get enough. &nbsp;There&rsquo;s live traditional Greek music playing in the background. You&rsquo;re feeling quite alright. Across the table from you are two ladies, one middle-aged and the other in her late 30s. They both speak Russian, so your travelmate has been chatting it up with them on and off. You&rsquo;re hearing Russian, Greek, and English. It&rsquo;s kind of confusing, but cool. The younger lady across from you asks if you have taken shrooms or had any marijuana. Truthfully, you and your travelmate reply &ldquo;Yes&rdquo;. Both of the ladies burst out laughing and say something confirmatory like &ldquo;Yes, isn&rsquo;t it nice?&rdquo; &nbsp;The younger lady goes on to urge her Greek boyfriend &ldquo;We should do shrooms sometime!&rdquo; You find yourself a bit perplexed that you just spoke so frankly about drugs with &ldquo;adults&rdquo;. You loose yourself just a bit. Behind these ladies you find the Dutch suburban landscape. The artificial canal just outside the restaurant reflects the light from the windows of a minimal, yet modern brick apartment building. You know the inside of these apartments must be nice because the simple exterior of your Greek hosts&rsquo; suburban apartment belied it&rsquo;s modern and functional interior. You think that the Dutch really have something going with their apartments. And maybe their lifestyle. It seems so effortless. It&rsquo;s easy to live well. But you actually don&rsquo;t really know. Coming back to the food and the music and the people you enjoy the rest of your time chatting and consuming. You finish your time at the restaurant by smoking a joint with your Greek friend&rsquo;s father, a middle-aged Sopranos-don-like character. And then, you take the tram to the Red Light District&hellip;</p>\n<ul><li>Saxony is the only province to celebrate &ldquo;Bu&szlig; und Bettag&rdquo;, which is called &ldquo;Penance Day&rdquo; in English. &nbsp;We had no school that day. Our professor told us that some people call it &ldquo;Putz und Fegtag&rdquo; as a joke, which means something like cleaning and sweeping day.</li>\n<li>I thought <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prada_Marfa\">Prada Marfa</a> was an actual store, but turns out it&rsquo;s just an art installation. It&rsquo;s existence is being threatened by the authorities.</li>\n<li>Greeks told me that Greek hospitality is excellent and I have to agree. It is perhaps unparalleled. They really, really, really, make sure you are comfortable. Like REALLY. It&rsquo;s great. &nbsp;</li>\n<li>The Dutch train ticket machines out in <a href=\"https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=veenendaal&amp;data=!1m4!1m3!1d47516!2d5.5514622!3d52.023279!4m12!2m11!1m10!1s0x47c6522a2a3ad32b%3A0x3fe2f0d7aea3937f!3m8!1m3!1d26081603!2d-95.677068!3d37.0625!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1\">Veenendaal</a>&nbsp;don&rsquo;t take cash! &nbsp;It was credit/debit/atm card only. &nbsp;This would normally be my kind of thing, but my card didn&rsquo;t work with the machines :(</li>\n<li>Still not sure about the foreigners not being allowed to go into coffeeshops after New Years thing. Some German friends told me that they have been saying this for years now. Maybe this is a good way to continuously stimulate tourism.</li>\n<li><a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malakas\">&ldquo;Malaka&rdquo;</a>&nbsp;is a Greek word that means something like &ldquo;jerk-off&rdquo; or &ldquo;wanker&rdquo;. &nbsp;It&rsquo;s used very often kind of as a term of endearment and as an insult depending on the context.</li>\n<li>Dutch is pretty easy to get once you know some German. &ldquo;Friday&rdquo; = &ldquo;freitag&rdquo; = &ldquo;vrijdag&rdquo;; &ldquo;forty-eight&rdquo; = &ldquo;achtundvierzig&rdquo; = &ldquo;achtenveertig&rdquo;. And when it&rsquo;s not like German, it&rsquo;s like English sometimes. &ldquo;This is station\"&nbsp;= \"dit is station&rdquo;; &ldquo;train&rdquo; = &ldquo;trein&rdquo; (in German, &ldquo;Zug&rdquo;)&nbsp; A lot of the basics are very similar. What&rsquo;s weird is that Dutch has an intonation similar to English, so it sounds like you&rsquo;re listening to English but the words are like German.&nbsp;</li>\n<li>The Netherlands <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flevopolder\">has a history of creating artificial islands</a>. The aforementioned Greek restaurant is on <a href=\"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IJburg\">this one</a>.</li>\n<li>Love me some <a href=\"http://www.ah.nl/\">Albert Heijn</a>, which is the prominent grocery store in Amsterdam.</li>\n<li>It snowed in Dresden. And now it&rsquo;s really cold. Ugh. I&rsquo;m not designed for this.</li>\n</ul></p>","is_current_item":true,"is_root_item":true}],"can_like":false,"can_reblog":false,"can_send_in_message":true,"can_reply":false,"display_avatar":true}
publish: 2013-11-027
-->


Ik Leerde Sommige Dingen Deze Week
==================================

So, you're sitting in [this Greek
restaurant](http://www.restaurantigrec.nl/) in a suburb of Amsterdam
built on top of an artificial island. It's maybe 21:00. You're there
because the cool greek dudes that you and your Russian travelmate have
been staying with have invited you. Before this moment, you had been
"laid-out" in a coffeeshop near the Red Light District, so maybe the
food has been tasting a little extra good, but you know that it is
actually really good too...somehow. In typical Greek fashion
(apparently), the wine is *flowing *and the food is *plentiful.* There's
one dish on the table that is like delicious soft meat stuffed inside
pastry dough and you can't get enough.  There's live traditional Greek
music playing in the background. You're feeling quite alright. Across
the table from you are two ladies, one middle-aged and the other in her
late 30s. They both speak Russian, so your travelmate has been chatting
it up with them on and off. You're hearing Russian, Greek, and English.
It's kind of confusing, but cool. The younger lady across from you asks
if you have taken shrooms or had any marijuana. Truthfully, you and your
travelmate reply "Yes". Both of the ladies burst out laughing and say
something confirmatory like "Yes, isn't it nice?"  The younger lady goes
on to urge her Greek boyfriend "We should do shrooms sometime!" You find
yourself a bit perplexed that you just spoke so frankly about drugs with
"adults". You loose yourself just a bit. Behind these ladies you find
the Dutch suburban landscape. The artificial canal just outside the
restaurant reflects the light from the windows of a minimal, yet modern
brick apartment building. You know the inside of these apartments must
be nice because the simple exterior of your Greek hosts' suburban
apartment belied it's modern and functional interior. You think that the
Dutch really have something going with their apartments. And maybe their
lifestyle. It seems so effortless. It's easy to live well. But you
actually don't really know. Coming back to the food and the music and
the people you enjoy the rest of your time chatting and consuming. You
finish your time at the restaurant by smoking a joint with your Greek
friend's father, a middle-aged Sopranos-don-like character. And then,
you take the tram to the Red Light District...

-   Saxony is the only province to celebrate "Buß und Bettag", which is
    called "Penance Day" in English.  We had no school that day. Our
    professor told us that some people call it "Putz und Fegtag" as a
    joke, which means something like cleaning and sweeping day.
-   I thought [Prada Marfa](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prada_Marfa)
    was an actual store, but turns out it's just an art installation.
    It's existence is being threatened by the authorities.
-   Greeks told me that Greek hospitality is excellent and I have to
    agree. It is perhaps unparalleled. They really, really, really, make
    sure you are comfortable. Like REALLY. It's great.  
-   The Dutch train ticket machines out in
    [Veenendaal](https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!q=veenendaal&data=!1m4!1m3!1d47516!2d5.5514622!3d52.023279!4m12!2m11!1m10!1s0x47c6522a2a3ad32b%3A0x3fe2f0d7aea3937f!3m8!1m3!1d26081603!2d-95.677068!3d37.0625!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1) don't
    take cash!  It was credit/debit/atm card only.  This would normally
    be my kind of thing, but my card didn't work with the machines :(
-   Still not sure about the foreigners not being allowed to go into
    coffeeshops after New Years thing. Some German friends told me that
    they have been saying this for years now. Maybe this is a good way
    to continuously stimulate tourism.
-   ["Malaka"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malakas) is a Greek word
    that means something like "jerk-off" or "wanker".  It's used very
    often kind of as a term of endearment and as an insult depending on
    the context.
-   Dutch is pretty easy to get once you know some German. "Friday" =
    "freitag" = "vrijdag"; "forty-eight" = "achtundvierzig" =
    "achtenveertig". And when it's not like German, it's like English
    sometimes. "This is station\" = \"dit is station"; "train" = "trein"
    (in German, "Zug")  A lot of the basics are very similar. What's
    weird is that Dutch has an intonation similar to English, so it
    sounds like you're listening to English but the words are like
    German. 
-   The Netherlands [has a history of creating artificial
    islands](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flevopolder). The
    aforementioned Greek restaurant is on [this
    one](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IJburg).
-   Love me some [Albert Heijn](http://www.ah.nl/), which is the
    prominent grocery store in Amsterdam.
-   It snowed in Dresden. And now it's really cold. Ugh. I'm not
    designed for this.

