---
title: To Europe (Again)
date: 1376982000000
---

Ever since I've returned from Zaragoza, Spain with [School Year
Abroad](http://www.sya.org/) almost a decade ago, I've wanted to go back
-- not necessarily to Spain, but just somewhere European. My experiences
there had a huge impact on my sixteen-year-old self, impacts that I am
deeply grateful for today. The language skills, maturity, and worldly
understanding and appreciation that I came away with have been
invaluable intellectual assets as I've navigated the
famously treacherous path of adulthood.

Within the last year, I've been feeling restless. I live one of the most
privileged lifestyles a twentysomething could live nowadays -- as a tech
worker in Silicon Valley: big pay, nice apartment in the SOMA district
of San Francisco, inspiring coworkers, wonderful friends, and lots of
party time. I have my qualms with the Valley, but mostly I've developed
this lingering sense of being unfulfilled, a sense that I am missing out
on some external "thing". Maybe I'm just bored with my quotidian
routine. In any event, I've found myself craving something novel and
formidable.\

Concurrent with my want for adventure has been a developing taste for
more mathematical aspects of computer science. It seems that many of the
exciting and profound developments in technology are rooted in
computational mathematics: self-driving cars, natural language
processing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and
brain-computer interfaces for example.  Elon Musk [recently
urged entrepreneurs](http://allthingsd.com/20130529/elon-musks-plea-to-internet-entrepreneurs-do-something-different/) to
consider areas outside of the Internet because there are many other
industries that could use that innovative spirit.  His advice really
struck me; there are SO many things outside of the Internet which have a
huge impact on our lives, the aforementioned being some of the most
exciting for me.  The Internet is greatly important and impactful and
I'm grateful to have been a part of a company contributing to that
(LinkedIn).  But now, I've realized there is a whole different landscape
of exciting problems to conquer and I want to be a part of THAT.

So, finally, what have I done about all this? I applied and was admitted
to the [European Master's Program in Computational
Logic](http://www.emcl-study.eu/), which incorporates travel through
Europe and computational mathematics.  It's perfect...theoretically. The
first semester is spent in [Dresden, Germany](http://tu-dresden.de/en),
the second in [Bolzano,
Italy](http://www.unibz.it/en/public/university/default.html), and the
third year at either of the aforementioned or [Vienna,
Austria](http://www.tuwien.ac.at/en/), or [Lisbon
Portugal](http://www.unl.pt/en/).  During the intervening Summer, the
program encourages students to do research at [NICTA in
Australia](http://www.nicta.com.au/).  The program starts on October
4th, well, at least that's when the orientation occurs and when I'm
planning to be there.  I'm leaving my job on August 30th (two weeks!!!)
to begin my journey towards Europe.

I can't believe that I've made it to this point.
