---
title: San Francisco Post-Mortem
date: 1379314800000
---


San Francisco Post-Mortem
=========================

Now that I am officially moved away from San Francisco, I thought it
would be a good opportunity to reflect on my time there in
pseudo-post-mortem style.  

What went well?

Music

I was privileged enough to have met some great friends in the
house/electronic music scene. Being a huge house fan myself, this turned
out to be a blessing for my night and social lives.  San Francisco
attracts a lot of great electronic music artists on a wide spectrum:
Pictureplane, Gatekeeper, Avicii, Todd Terry, Tiesto, blah, blah, blah.
 There is enormous opportunity to dance with your favorite DJs and
expand your mind with sounds with which you may yet be comfortable.  I
would recommend checking out [Derek
Opperman's](http://blogs.sfweekly.com/author.php?author_id=3053) *[Top
Five Parties in San Francisco This
Weekend](http://blogs.sfweekly.com/author.php?author_id=3053), *which is
published every week with [SF Weekly](http://www.sfweekly.com/).  Derek
makes it easy to find a solid party to kick up your weekend.

Food

Good lawrd DAT FOOD. The San Francisco Bay Area offers a ton of great
stuff to eat.  At the top there are places like
three-michelin-star-rated [The French
Laundry](http://www.frenchlaundry.com/) and recent
James-Beard-award-winner [State Bird
Provisions](http://statebirdsf.com/) among [other top quality
establishments](http://www.yelp.com/search?find_desc=michelin+star&find_loc=San+Francisco%2C+CA&ns=1&ls=c593001cd2234840#find_desc=michelin+star+restaurant).
Personally, I've had the best fried rice at [Tu
Lan](http://www.yelp.com/biz/t%C3%BA-lan-san-francisco-4), the best
corned beef hash at [Citizen's Band](http://citizensbandsf.com/), the
best dumplings at [Shanghai Dumpling
King](http://www.yelp.com/biz/shanghai-dumpling-king-san-francisco), the
best "party brunch" at [Café
Biere](http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-biere-emeryville-2), the best
afghan food at [Kabul](http://www.yelp.com/biz/kabul-sunnyvale), and the
best ramen at [Halu](http://www.yelp.com/biz/ramen-halu-san-jose).
 There are just so, so many good things to eat in the bay area, it's
easy and even convenient to be adventurous about your choices.\

People and Atmosphere

San Francisco has got to have some of the friendliest, most open-minded
people. Couple this with the sense of closeness and community that the
city seems to foster and you have a great situation in which to meet new
people and discover new things. [Dolores
Park](http://www.yelp.com/biz/dolores-park-san-francisco) is a wonderful
place to stumble upon existing friends and make new ones. It's a mecca
of personable, chilled-out, down-to-earth, young adults.  One of my
favorite weekend activities was to grab some wine and hang out with
friends at the top of the park.  The views of the city and across the
bay are gorgeous. 

Nature

San Francisco is immediately (less than one hour driving) surrounded but
stunning natural beauty, which provides plenty of opportunity to engage
in almost any outdoor activity: kayaking, hiking, biking, swimming,
surfing, sailing, running, camping, fishing, birding, sky diving, etc.
 Farther out, there are opportunities to engage in winter activities
like skiing and snowboarding.

I loved going into Marin to hike or chill on the beach.  Some of my
favorites places are [Kirby
Cove](http://www.yelp.com/biz/kirby-cove-campground-sausalito), [Black
Sand Beach](http://www.sfbg.com/nudebeaches/black-sand-beach)
(optionally nude!), and [Tennessee
Valley](http://www.nps.gov/goga/planyourvisit/tennessee_valley.htm).
 Tennessee Valley has some pretty spectacular ocean view trails that
start from within it.

What went poorly?

Dogs

Poop, leashes, jumping, claws, barking --- seriously, fuck dogs in SF.
 NPR had an interesting segment about dogs in SF about a month ago.  The
point of the whole thing was if you wouldn't let your 2 year-old do it,
why are you letting your dog do it?  

[SF has ordinances to deal with dog
shit](http://www.sf311.org/index.aspx?page=166), but people are not
always as mindful as they should be.  What a wonder it is to stumble
upon a fresh pile of crap as you walk home in a stupor from the da klub?
Countless times I've almost broken my ankle trying to make a last minute
maneuver to avoid some neglectful owner's fuck-up.  

Many times dogs came up to me on the street, jumping and clawing and
licking at my legs, while their owners just stand there, doe-eyed, and
tell me something to the effect of "oh, he's friendly".  Bitch, get your
dog off me! Dafuq?  

Also, why is your tiny dog on that extendo-leash taking up the entire
fucking sidewalk? Ugh.

Rent and Housing

...is high. Like rul high. And it's getting higher fast. [Rent increased
7.8% in one
quarter](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324694904578602013087282582.html).
I'm not sure when it's going to stop, but I'm sure the continuous influx
of twenty somethings making 100k+ is not helping the situation. As I
write this, I am sitting in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath *house *in downtown
Charleston, South Carolina that goes for \$1600 a month.  I was
renting *a room* in a small 2 bedroom, 1 bath SOMA apartment *2
blocks *from [San Francisco's most criminal
intersection](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/6th-and-Mission-intersection-city-s-hottest-crime-2369466.php)
for \$1300 a month. My bedroom could fit in this house six times.

You can definitely find deals out there...but expect it to be MOBBED by
others looking for the same. Put on your classiest act and get out your
wallet, you'll need to do some sucking up.

Tech Douchebaggery

I've met a lot of wonderful, smart, fun nerds.  These are my people and
I usually jive with them.  There are others though that are so convinced
of their self-worth and so consumed by "the hustle of the valley" that
they forget how to be nice.  These people talk about
money, entrepreneurship, and big names ad infinitum.  They love to
dismiss the technologies that you use as deprecated, worthless, or old.
 [This
article](http://valleywag.gawker.com/douchebags-like-you-are-ruining-san-francisco-512645164)
does a pretty good job of explaining the things that I have experienced.
This *autofellatious* hustler attitude really got to me and negatively
affected my perception of the industry as a whole.

Public Transportation

San Francisco needs to get its act together in this regard. Traveling to
the north or north west of the city is impractical on slow muni busses.
 The inability to catch a train back home, whether in south bay, east
bay, or even San Francisco proper, is a major inconvenience late at
night and it's also probably a hindrance to San Francisco's nightlife
economy. Having to leave your party before 12am really sucks and makes
the whole idea of coming to San Francisco from other parts of the bay
area sort of pointless.  Major U.S. cities of the same caliber have
public transportation that works late into the night, well past 2am.
I've yet to read an acceptable excuse for the absence of this in the bay
area, especially for [CalTrain](http://www.caltrain.com/) and
[BART](http://www.bart.gov/). It's truly pathetic.

End

I adored my time in San Francisco. I have never felt so comfortable
being myself and exploring my identity.  It's unique, special,
wonderful, gorgeous, smart, innovative, hip, fun, delicious,
enlightening --- a world class city. I'm excited to see how it will grow
and improve.

