---
title: I'm Out
date: 1392278400000
archived: true
---

I've quit my Master's program and decided to move to Berlin! Boom! It
was a big decision, but one that I am quite confident in.  The main
reason is that I wasn't finding that the program was taking me in the
direction that I wanted to go. Although logic is fascinating and
complex, it's too theoretical for my liking.  I'm grateful to have
learned what I have so far, but am equally grateful to be leaving it
behind. I'd like to develop the skills that I currently have and take
them in some different direction instead of starting from logic and
trying to make them meet at some point in the future. And even so, maybe
I could have stuck with it and slaved away, spending much of my time
pouring over course materials --- but this misses the point of being in
this different, new place. I can spend my time studying anywhere.  The
reason why I am in Europe is to experience Europe. Studying turned out
to be a bad excuse to get here.

On top of this, I already have momentum in Germany.  I already have all
my visa stuff sorted out, I've gotten accustomed to the culture, my
relationships with the people I've met are deepening --- It would seem
almost negligent to just suddenly bounce.  I've had lots of wildly
positive experiences here, let's keep them going!\
\
So what the fuck am I going to do?  Well, I've found a place already,
which was just some sort of crazy magical coincidence.  A friend of a
friend's roommate is moving out temporarily at the end of the month so
I'm moving in!  I'll be living in Neukölln with one of the dudes from
[Aroma
Pitch](http://www.residentadvisor.net/dj/aromapitch) ([listen](https://soundcloud.com/aromapitch)).
I'm stoked.  I've been working for a small startup in Dresden for the
past two months or so.  I will likely continue doing work for it and
explore what the Berlin tech scene has to offer. Annnnndddddd I'd like
to continue to take German classes.  That's my simple plan so far.
Otherwise, I'm having fun, enjoying this opportunity to live freely as
young person in a fucking cool-ass city.  

Come visit!
