---
title: DAT IPHONE THO
date: '2013-08-27'
---


DAT IPHONE THO
==============

My preparations for Europe have gone fairly smoothly thus far; I've
easily gotten rid of much of my furniture, closed various bank and
utility accounts, and signed up for [student housing in
Dresden](http://www.studentenwerk-dresden.de/wohnen/).  I've given away
a lot of my clothes, electronics, and kitchenware to friends and the
[Goodwill](http://sfgoodwill.org). My flatmate is taking over my
apartment and is trying to find someone who would be willing to take my
big-ass bookcase off my hands.  I did try to open a German bank account
with [DKG](https://www.dkb.de/%E2%80%8E), but I was rejected. I figured
I might get ahead of the game by having an account ready by the time I
got there. The bank has a no fee checking account and some other nice
perks. Maybe I'll check it out again when I get there. Generally, I've
been feeling *mostly *prepared to make my departure.  

Until yesterday.

A friend of mine just moved to Mexico City and told me that Sprint had
unlocked his iPhone 5 for him. All he had to do was call them up and
then perform a factory reset and then restore on his phone.  I thought,
"Perfect, I have Sprint, I'll be totally set".  I called Sprint, told
them I was moving to Europe and that I wanted my phone unlocked. I was
told that they had done something on their end to unlock the phone and
that all that remained to do was perform a factory reset and then a
restore.   They even offered to waive my early termination fee as long
as I faxed in proof of my departure.  So far, so good. I get home and I
perform what I *think *is a factory reset or at least what the Sprint
associate meant.  Go to Settings \> General \> Reset \> Erase All
Content and Settings. The phone performs this effortlessly and I'm
presented with the brand-new-iPhone welcome screen. I get to the step
where it is asking for my zip code and SSN, I enter them correctly, I
wait, and it tells me that Sprint couldn't verify my information. I try
again and again, and still nothing. I'm worried by now.  I call Apple
tech support, which tells me to talk to Sprint customer service. Fuck.
 I call Sprint and I am connected with a very nice lady and we proceed
to troubleshoot my activation problem for almost two hours. We try
everything: using wifi, using cellular, putting the phone into recovery
mode, but still nothing.  Ultimately, she tells me to bring it to an
Apple store, which I am doing tonight. I want this resolved badly.

I have a theory about what might have gone wrong. I was originally meant
to put the phone into recovery mode to execute the reset and restore,
but instead I did the "Erase All blah blah..." thing, which fucked
things up.  I have no theories of recovery.  Ugh.

