---
title: It's Over...For Now
date: '2014-06-19'
---


It's Over...For Now
===================

Well, I'm gone now, back in U.S. "for good" (lol). My last few months in
Berlin were breathtakingly spectacular, an intensity of friends,
travels, music, and staying up all night. Now in the relatively awkward
ideological bosom of the southern United States, I'm resting,
reflecting, and recovering with one of my favorite people in the world.
 My last weekend in Berlin was a whirlwind of the best fucking
everything ever. I miss it, but the [next adventure
beckons](https://sumall.com/careers). And anyways, I know [I'll be back
soon](http://www.dimensionsfestival.com/). 

I haven't written in a while, but I have definitely been doing things! I
met up with a Spanish lawyer girl-friend from back in the ol' San
Francisco days in Lund, Sweden.  We explored an [anarchist
enclave](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freetown_Christiania) in
Copenhagen and went to a surreal student party in Lund itself. Later, I
couchsurfed with some friendly university students in beautiful, but
war-torn Sarajevo.  I learned that that area of Europe has an enormous
Ottoman influence (lots of mosques, Turkish-y food, etc) and that you
can eat some fucking delicious
[Börek](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%B6rek) there. Quickly
following that, I accompanied [Kong and
Gratts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4_Rxf5aPI0) on a DJ tour
through Belgium, including Brussels, Antwerp and Leuven. I was even on
Belgian National Radio! Though only for a brief instance as I gave a
shout of support for Kong as he played a late-night set.  I ate a
*delicious *horse steak in Antwerp. Seriously, so good. I finished my A1
level in German. I got to play tour guide for some old friends from high
school and San Francisco.  My friend Matt stayed with me for a whole
month of absolute debauchery. I went back to the US a couple times, I
got surprised by a boo \<3, went back to Dresden, friends, travel,
friends, [party](http://www.berghain.de/), friends,
[party](http://www.berghain.de/), travel,
[party](http://www.berghain.de/),
omgwtfyesyesyesdyingdyingahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

WOW

But duuuuuudez, the peeps. I met so many wonderful people, it's just
fucking overwhelming. And unfortunately, some way too late. But hey,
I'll be back. There will be more!

